In a notebook, please perform the following tasks:

Problem 1:

Predicting prices: Using any of the methods for prediction you have learned (With the exception of linear regression!) , use the dataset in this Kaggle page:
https://www.kaggle.com/altavish/boston-housing-dataset
and find a good prediction model for the the median value of housing (MEDV). The variables in the dataset are as follows

CRIM: Per capita crime rate by town
ZN: Proportion of residential land zoned for lots over 25,000 sq. ft
INDUS: Proportion of non-retail business acres per town
CHAS: Charles River dummy variable (= 1 if tract bounds river; 0 otherwise)
NOX: Nitric oxide concentration (parts per 10 million)
RM: Average number of rooms per dwelling
AGE: Proportion of owner-occupied units built prior to 1940
DIS: Weighted distances to five Boston employment centers
RAD: Index of accessibility to radial highways
TAX: Full-value property tax rate per 10,000
PTRATIO: Pupil-teacher ratio by town
B: 1000(Bk — 0.63)², where Bk is the proportion of [people of African American descent] by town
LSTAT: Percentage of lower status of the population
MEDV: Median value of owner-occupied homes in $1000s
Make sure to deal with null values and find the best hyperparameters you can for your choice of model (use train/test split or crossvalidation). Watch out for outliers!

Problem 2

Classification: Using the following dataset:
https://www.kaggle.com/vikasukani/parkinsons-disease-data-set
Create the best classification model you can using what we learned in class. Use any of the methods we explored and show how you assessed how good your model is carefully. Using AUC is a good idea. The label variable is "status." Hint: .data files can be read with read_csv like:

pd.read_csv('parkinsons.data')

The variables are as follows:


name - ASCII subject name and recording number

MDVP:Fo(Hz) - Average vocal fundamental frequency

MDVP:Fhi(Hz) - Maximum vocal fundamental frequency

MDVP:Flo(Hz) - Minimum vocal fundamental frequency

MDVP:Jitter(%) , MDVP:Jitter(Abs) , MDVP:RAP , MDVP:PPQ , Jitter:DDP - Several measures of variation in fundamental frequency

MDVP:Shimmer , MDVP:Shimmer(dB) , Shimmer:APQ3 , Shimmer:APQ5 , MDVP:APQ , Shimmer:DDA - Several measures of variation in amplitude

NHR , HNR - Two measures of ratio of noise to tonal components in the voice

status - Health status of the subject (one) - Parkinson's, (zero) - healthy

RPDE , D2 - Two nonlinear dynamical complexity measures

DFA - Signal fractal scaling exponent

spread1 , spread2 , PPE - Three nonlinear measures of fundamental frequency variation


Problem 3

Dataset for final project Initial ideas:  Find 2 possible open datasets (or a way to construct a dataset), and present the following:

Context of the dataset: What is interesting about the dataset? What questions could you ask that are interesting? How would you first explore the data? (No need to perform exploration at this moment)

Here are some places to find datasets:

https://www.kdnuggets.com/datasets/index.html

Methodology: How do you think you want to answer your question? 

Present links for references if available. 

